create music page (#4343)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/life-as-a-teacher/explore-subjects/music.md

---
title: Become a music teacher
subject: music
title_paragraph: |-

>   <p> As a music teacher, you’ll inspire pupils to unlock their creativity and get them to express themselves. You’ll foster a lifelong appreciation of music, enriching their lives beyond the classroom.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p> As a music teacher, you’ll inspire pupils to unlock their creativity and  express themselves through performance. You’ll foster a lifelong appreciation of music, enriching their lives beyond the classroom.</p>
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion above

  As a music teacher, you’ll inspire pupils to unlock their creativity and get them to  express themselves. You’ll foster a lifelong appreciation of music, enriching their lives beyond the classroom. 

>   Tax-free bursaries of $bursaries_postgraduate_music$ are available for eligible trainee music teachers.</p>

Reviewer 2: I think you need to have a closing `</p>` at the end of line 6 and then an opening one `<p>` at the start of line 7

This will give you more breathing space between the lines on the front end (see other subject pages that have already been done)
